[docs] Add recipe for single-click editing (#8365)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/recipes-editing/recipes-editing.md

{{"demo": "LinkedFieldsCellEditing.js", "bg": "inline", "defaultCodeOpen": false}}

## Single-click editing

> One of the [built-in ways](/x/react-data-grid/editing/#start-editing) to the enter mode is by double-clicking a cell.
> Using the [controlled mode](/x/react-data-grid/editing/#controlled-mode) and listening to click events, you can also enter the edit mode with just a single-click.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, one of the ways to [enter the edit mode](/x/react-data-grid/editing/#start-editing) is by double-clicking a cell.
Using the [controlled mode](/x/react-data-grid/editing/#controlled-mode) and listening to click events, you can also enter the edit mode with just a single click.
```
